	Autumn Ossello - M3 Reflection - CS 112
    Milestone 3 began with refactoring all my effects to accommodate a vector of vectors, which after a few tweaks went fairly smoothly. All the previous effects had stepped through each data value one at a time, so after a bit of messing around I figured out I needed to separate those effects from the ones in M3 somehow. (I used an if statement.) For all the effects excluding the rotate 90 one, I found myself feeling overwhelmed and lost looking at the problem, but once I got something written or wrote out some pseudocode they came along fairly quickly. One of the cooler things about this project was when the index errors were fixed but the code wasn’t behaving as expected, and the ppm the code produced was messed up in some recognizable way, such as those I left as check.ppm and check2.ppm. Sometimes these images gave me clues to what I was getting wrong, while other times they were just interesting to look at and decipher. An issue I’ve continually ran into is knowing although my code appears to be functioning as expected, I’m not sure how to fully check it for off by one errors and the such. For instance my pixelate effect seemed to look somewhat different from the github example, but I found that I couldn’t effectively check for errors so I wasn’t able to investigate my suspicions. The rotate 90 degree effect was incredibly difficult to conceptualize, but using new testing techniques mixed with old programming strategies including writing the desired connections on paper helped me figure out which indices corresponded to the indices of the rotated vector. When I first started the effect, I focused on just rotating all the values without consideration for the three pixel color values. I found that it was easier to understand and figure out this way, and that solving issues with maintaining the three pixel values was much easier when it was separated from the problem’s main logistics. The last thing I had to deal with was compounding effects. At first it was just moving some of my code around so the rotated values could be applied in other locations, but my last issue came from rotating multiple times. After taking a break and then looking back I was able to see the issue with my width and height declarations and finished the last effect. This project was challenging and built my confidence in my abilities, as every effect I felt clueless starting out and struggled continuously, but I found my footing rather quickly in each case.