After PA3 this project was generally pretty straight forward. In my high school Python programming class we did a similar project but we were challenged to figure out the negation and grayscale on our own. It was fun to do something similar with C++. I had a few issues with the original code because I had entered new lines according to the characters in tinypix.ppm, but that was easy enough to fix using modulo. I added some switch cases for an aesthetic cout for applying the effects which took me a little while to figure out. Again, most of the code came straight from PA3 which made the changes fairly minimal, and I got more practice figuring out the code I had written before and how to work with it. I ran into an index error I hadn’t experienced with tinypix which I didn’t pinpoint before finding where to change the index, and I didn’t see any obvious changes like omitted values so I’m still not sure why there was a difference in the index and how tinypix worked with both size and size-1. 
Another issue I ran into was spaces at the end of lines in the other ppms. This took me a little while to figure out, but once I realized the issue I simply added another else if to my if else statement to account for temp values equal to space at the end of lines. Implementing the remove and negate color values went smoothly, after I determined how to approach the issue with a switch case I basically copied what I had done to remove red in PA3 with changes in the modulo values to account for different colors. The grayscale was experiencing an index error at first which threw me at first because of my previous issue with the size and size-1, so I took a break before attempting to fix the grayscale to look at it with a clear mind. This worked well because I was able to quickly determine the issue was from using i+1 and i+2 without taking account of the last few values in the ppm. 
Overall this project moved much smoother than I imagined, and I was able to complete it fairly quickly with the code I had already written. Much of the time I spent on M1 was helping others with weird errors and confusion and such. I was exposed to a new type of error from the initial out of range vector index, where the error appeared to be in the libraries included in my cpp, so exploring those errors and how to track them down in my own code was a new experience, but most of my learning came from helping others with their project as I had to read and understand their code that differed significantly from mine. 