Autumn Ossello M2 Reflection

M2 went fairly smoothly, once I figured out where to put my while loop and rearranged the structure to fit with the new repeated effects, I began testing the effects. Almost immediately I noticed something was wrong with the compounding effects, but it took me a while to determine what effects were causing the issue. At first, I thought there was an issue with the first effect I applied, as after removing red, any additional effects were lost except the last two I had added, add noise and high contrast. To add to my confusion, I found I was accidentally making the output file extension txt rather than ppm, meaning changing the effects seemed to be giving me the same output, when in reality it was the same. 
Eventually, I determined the negation effects were no longer working after the while loop was added in. After playing around awhile trying different things, Adam Carter helped me figure out that my code was still running once through after typing q for quit, and the negation and all other effects were running twice. Interestingly I did notice there was extra noise when I first completed that effect, but assumed it was just my imagination, as the minimal differences were difficult to spot anyways. Other than this one issue, I didn’t have much difficulty completing milestone 2, but from the sound of it things might kick up a notch for milestone 3. I’m excited to continue working on this code as it is the first time since my high school programming class that I’ve spent this long working on a single piece of code, something I would really like to continue into the future. 
Moving forward I would like to completely update my code to use classes, as after gaining understanding from more recent lectures, I can see how such a structure would assist in simplifying my code. This is especially relevant now that many different effects are occurring and the code in main is getting fairly long and convoluted.